---
title: 'Ellie Bot 5.2.0.'
date: '2024-11-28'
versionNumber: '5.2.0'
description: 'Ellie Bot version 5.2.0 release notes.'
---

### Added

- Added `.todo undone` command to unmark a todo as done
- Added Button Roles!
    - `.btr a` to add a button role to the specified message
    - `.btr list` to list all button roles on the server
    - `.btr rm` to remove a button role from the specified message
    - `.btr rma` to remove all button roles on the specified message
    - `.btr excl` to toggle exclusive button roles (only 1 role per message or any number)
    - Use `.h btr` for more info
- Added `.wrongsong` which will delete the last queued song.
    - Useful in case you made a mistake, or the bot queued a wrong song
    - It will reset after a shuffle or fairplay toggle, or similar events.
- Added Server color Commands!
    - Every Server can now set their own colors for ok/error/pending embed (the default green/red/yellow color on the
      left side of the message the bot sends)
    - Use `.h .sclr` to see the list of commands
    - `.sclr show` will show the current server colors
    - `.sclr ok <color hex>` to set ok color
    - `.sclr warn <color hex>` to set warn color
    - `.sclr error <color hex>` to set error color

### Changed

- Self Assigned Roles reworked! Use `.h .sar` for the list of commands
    - `.sar autodel`
        - Toggles the automatic deletion of the user's message and Nadeko's confirmations for .iam and .iamn commands.
    - `.sar ad`
        - Adds a role to the list of self-assignable roles. You can also specify a group.
        - If 'Exclusive self-assignable roles' feature is enabled (.sar exclusive), users will be able to pick one role
          per group.
    - `.sar groupname`
        - Sets a self assignable role group name. Provide no name to remove.
    - `.sar remove`
        - Removes a specified role from the list of self-assignable roles.
    - `.sar list`
        - Lists self-assignable roles. Shows 20 roles per page.
    - `.sar exclusive`
        - Toggles whether self-assigned roles are exclusive. While enabled, users can only have one self-assignable role
          per group.
    - `.sar rolelvlreq`
        - Set a level requirement on a self-assignable role.
    - `.sar grouprolereq`
        - Set a role that users have to have in order to assign a self-assignable role from the specified group.
    - `.sar groupdelete`
        - Deletes a self-assignable role group
    - `.iam` and `.iamn` are unchanged
- Removed patron limits from Reaction Roles. Anyone can have as many reros as they like.
- `.timely` captcha made stronger and cached per user.
- `.bsreset` price reduced by 90%

### Fixed

- Fixed `.sinfo` for servers on other shard